.TH DASHT\-DOCSETS\-INHERIT 1       2016\-05\-28                            2.1.0
.SH NAME
.PP
dasht\-docsets\-inherit \- inherits Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] docsets from other locations
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fB\fCdasht\-docsets\-inherit\fR [\fIOPTION\fP\&...] [\fILOCATION\fP\&...]
.SS Examples
.TP
\fB\fCdasht\-docsets\-inherit\fR
Inherits existing docsets from Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra], Zeal \[la]https://zealdocs.org\[ra], and helm\-dash \[la]https://github.com/areina/helm-dash\[ra]\&.
.TP
\fB\fCdasht\-docsets\-inherit\fR /some/location/here
Inherits existing docsets found in or under \fB\fC/some/location/here\fR\&.
.TP
\fB\fCdasht\-docsets\-inherit\fR location1 location2
Inherits existing docsets found in or under \fB\fClocation1\fR and \fB\fClocation2\fR\&.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Inherits existing Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] docsets found in or under the given \fILOCATION\fPs.
If no \fILOCATION\fPs are given, then the default docset installation locations
for Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra], Zeal \[la]https://zealdocs.org\[ra], and helm\-dash \[la]https://github.com/areina/helm-dash\[ra] will be searched.  Unless this operation
is forced, you will be prompted to confirm it for every inheritable docset.
.PP
If the name of a parent directory of an existing docset contains only digits
and dashes, then it is considered to be a version number.  This number will
be appended to the inherited docset's name preceded by an "@" symbol.  In
particular, "versioned docsets" inherited from Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] undergo this renaming.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\fC\-f\fR, \fB\fC\-\-force\fR
Forces the operation by overriding the interactive confirmation prompt.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
\fB\fCDASHT_DOCSETS_DIR\fR
Defines the filesystem location where your Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] docsets are inherited.
If undefined, its value is assumed to be \fB\fC$XDG_DATA_HOME/dasht/docsets/\fR
or, if \fB\fCXDG_DATA_HOME\fR is undefined, \fB\fC$HOME/.local/share/dasht/docsets/\fR\&.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.BR dasht-docsets-install (1), 
.BR dasht-docsets-remove (1), 
.BR dasht-docsets (1), 
Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra]
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Written in 2016 by Suraj N. Kurapati \[la]https://github.com/sunaku/dasht\[ra]
Distributed under the terms of the ISC license (see the LICENSE file).
