.TH DASHT\-QUERY\-LINE 1            2020\-05\-16                            2.4.0
.SH NAME
.PP
dasht\-query\-line \- searches Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] docsets and emits groups of lines
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fB\fCdasht\-query\-line\fR [\fIPATTERN\fP] [\fIDOCSET\fP]...
.SS Examples
.TP
\fB\fCdasht\-query\-line\fR
Topics (A\-Z) from each installed docset.
.TP
\fB\fCdasht\-query\-line\fR 'c \- x'
Search for "c \- x" in all installed docsets.
.TP
\fB\fCdasht\-query\-line\fR 'c \- x' bash
Search for "c \- x" only in the "bash" docset.
.TP
\fB\fCdasht\-query\-line\fR 'c \- x' bash css
Search for "c \- x" only in the "bash" and "css" docsets.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Searches for \fIPATTERN\fP in all installed Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] docsets, optionally searching
only in those whose names match \fIDOCSET\fPs, by calling 
.BR dasht-query-exec (1)

and emits the results in groups of lines, as described in "Results" below.
However, if no results were found, this program exits with a nonzero status.
.SS Searching
.PP
Whitespace characters in \fIPATTERN\fP are treated as wildcards, whereas the
SQL LIKE wildcard characters \fB\fC%\fR and \fB\fC_\fR are not: they are taken literally.
.PP
Before searching, \fIPATTERN\fP is surrounded by whitespace wildcards so that it
can match anywhere: beginning, middle, or end.  As a result, if \fIPATTERN\fP is
undefined, it becomes a whitespace wildcard and thereby matches everything.
.SS Results
.PP
Each search result is printed to stdout as a group of four lines of text:
.TP
\fB\fCname\fR \fB\fC=\fR \fIVALUE\fP
Name of the token that matched the \fIPATTERN\fP\&.
.TP
\fB\fCtype\fR \fB\fC=\fR \fIVALUE\fP
Type of the token, as defined in the docset.
.TP
\fB\fCfrom\fR \fB\fC=\fR \fIVALUE\fP
Name of the docset this result was found in.
.TP
\fB\fCurl\fR \fB\fC=\fR \fIVALUE\fP
URL of the API documentation for this result.
.PP
For example, here is a search result for "c \- x" from the "bash" docset:
.PP
.RS
.nf
name = undo (C\-_ or C\-x C\-u)
type = Function
from = Bash
url = file:///home/sunny/.local/share/dasht/docsets/Bash.docset/Contents/Resources/Documents/bash/Miscellaneous\-Commands.html#//apple_ref/Function/undo%20%28C%2D%5F%20or%20C%2Dx%20C%2Du%29
.fi
.RE
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
\fB\fCDASHT_DOCSETS_DIR\fR
Defines the filesystem location where your Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] docsets are installed.
If undefined, its value is assumed to be \fB\fC$XDG_DATA_HOME/dasht/docsets/\fR
or, if \fB\fCXDG_DATA_HOME\fR is undefined, \fB\fC$HOME/.local/share/dasht/docsets/\fR\&.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
44
No results were found.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.BR dasht-query-exec (1), 
.BR dasht-query-html (1), 
.BR dasht-docsets (1), 
.BR dasht (1), 
Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra]
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Written in 2016 by Suraj N. Kurapati \[la]https://github.com/sunaku/dasht\[ra]
Distributed under the terms of the ISC license (see the LICENSE file).
