.TH DASHT 1                       2020\-05\-16                            2.4.0
.SH NAME
.PP
dasht \- API documentation in your terminal
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fB\fCdasht\fR [\fIPATTERN\fP] [\fIDOCSET\fP]...
.SS Examples
.TP
\fB\fCdasht\fR
Topics (A\-Z) from each installed docset.
.TP
\fB\fCdasht\fR 'c \- x'
Search for "c \- x" in all installed docsets.
.TP
\fB\fCdasht\fR 'c \- x' bash
Search for "c \- x" only in the "bash" docset.
.TP
\fB\fCdasht\fR 'c \- x' bash css
Search for "c \- x" only in the "bash" and "css" docsets.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Searches for \fIPATTERN\fP in all installed Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] docsets, optionally searching
only in those whose names match \fIDOCSET\fPs, by calling 
.BR dasht-query-html (1).

The results, if any, are then displayed in the 
.BR w3m (1) 
terminal web browser,
which terminates when you press the \fB\fCq\fR key, just as typical UNIX pagers do.
If no results were found, says so on stderr and exits with a nonzero status.
.SS Searching
.PP
Whitespace characters in \fIPATTERN\fP are treated as wildcards, whereas the
SQL LIKE wildcard characters \fB\fC%\fR and \fB\fC_\fR are not: they are taken literally.
.PP
Before searching, \fIPATTERN\fP is surrounded by whitespace wildcards so that it
can match anywhere: beginning, middle, or end.  As a result, if \fIPATTERN\fP is
undefined, it becomes a whitespace wildcard and thereby matches everything.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
\fB\fCDASHT_DOCSETS_DIR\fR
Defines the filesystem location where your Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] docsets are installed.
If undefined, its value is assumed to be \fB\fC$XDG_DATA_HOME/dasht/docsets/\fR
or, if \fB\fCXDG_DATA_HOME\fR is undefined, \fB\fC$HOME/.local/share/dasht/docsets/\fR\&.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
44
No results were found.
.TP
45
No docsets were searched.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.BR w3m (1), 
.BR dasht-query-html (1), 
.BR dasht-docsets (1), 
Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra]
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Written in 2016 by Suraj N. Kurapati \[la]https://github.com/sunaku/dasht\[ra]
Distributed under the terms of the ISC license (see the LICENSE file).
