.TH DASHT\-DOCSETS\-REMOVE 1        2020\-05\-16                            2.4.0
.SH NAME
.PP
dasht\-docsets\-remove \- removes installed Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] docsets
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fB\fCdasht\-docsets\-remove\fR [\fIOPTION\fP\&...] [\fINAME\fP\&...]
.SS Examples
.TP
\fB\fCdasht\-docsets\-remove\fR
Removes all installed Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] docsets.
.TP
\fB\fCdasht\-docsets\-remove\fR sh
Removes installed Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] docsets whose names contain "sh".
.TP
\fB\fCdasht\-docsets\-remove\fR sh 'c$'
Removes installed Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] docsets whose names contain "sh" or end in "c".
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Removes installed Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] docsets whose names match the \fINAME\fP 
.BR regex (7)

patterns.  If no \fINAME\fPs are given, all installed docsets are matched.
Unless forced, this operation prompts you to confirm it for every match.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\fC\-f\fR, \fB\fC\-\-force\fR
Forces the operation by overriding the interactive confirmation prompt.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
\fB\fCDASHT_DOCSETS_DIR\fR
Defines the filesystem location where your Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] docsets are installed.
If undefined, its value is assumed to be \fB\fC$XDG_DATA_HOME/dasht/docsets/\fR
or, if \fB\fCXDG_DATA_HOME\fR is undefined, \fB\fC$HOME/.local/share/dasht/docsets/\fR\&.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.BR dasht-docsets-install (1), 
.BR dasht-docsets-update (1), 
.BR dasht-docsets (1), 
Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra]
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Written in 2016 by Suraj N. Kurapati \[la]https://github.com/sunaku/dasht\[ra]
Distributed under the terms of the ISC license (see the LICENSE file).
