.TH DASHT\-DOCSETS\-INSTALL 1       2020\-05\-16                            2.4.0
.SH NAME
.PP
dasht\-docsets\-install \- installs new Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] docsets
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fB\fCdasht\-docsets\-install\fR [\fIOPTION\fP\&...] [\fINAME\fP\&...]
.SS Examples
.TP
\fB\fCdasht\-docsets\-install\fR
Installs all new Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] docsets currently available.
.TP
\fB\fCdasht\-docsets\-install\fR sh
Installs new Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] docsets whose names contain "sh".
.TP
\fB\fCdasht\-docsets\-install\fR sh 'c$'
Installs new Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] docsets whose names contain "sh" or end in "c".
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Installs new Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] docsets whose names match the \fINAME\fP 
.BR regex (7) 
patterns.
If no \fINAME\fPs are given, all new docsets available for install are matched.
Unless forced, this operation prompts you to confirm it for every match.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\fC\-f\fR, \fB\fC\-\-force\fR
Forces the operation by overriding the interactive confirmation prompt.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
\fB\fCDASHT_DOCSETS_DIR\fR
Defines the filesystem location where your Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] docsets are installed.
If undefined, its value is assumed to be \fB\fC$XDG_DATA_HOME/dasht/docsets/\fR
or, if \fB\fCXDG_DATA_HOME\fR is undefined, \fB\fC$HOME/.local/share/dasht/docsets/\fR\&.
.TP
\fB\fCDASHT_CACHE_DIR\fR
Defines the filesystem location where download links are cached.
If undefined, its value is assumed to be \fB\fC$XDG_CACHE_HOME/dasht/\fR
or, if \fB\fCXDG_CACHE_HOME\fR is also undefined, \fB\fC$HOME/.cache/dasht/\fR\&.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.BR dasht-docsets-extract (1), 
.BR dasht-docsets-update (1), 
.BR dasht-docsets-remove (1),
.BR dasht-docsets (1), 
Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra]
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Written in 2016 by Suraj N. Kurapati \[la]https://github.com/sunaku/dasht\[ra]
Distributed under the terms of the ISC license (see the LICENSE file).
