.TH DASHT\-SERVER 1                2016\-05\-28                            2.2.0
.SH NAME
.PP
dasht\-server \- runs a local search engine for your web browser
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fB\fCdasht\-server\fR [\fIPORT\fP]
.SS Examples
.TP
\fB\fCdasht\-server\fR
Starts a local search engine at \[la]http://127.0.0.1:54321\[ra]\&.
.TP
\fB\fCdasht\-server\fR 8080
Starts a local search engine on port number 8080.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Runs a local search engine on \fIPORT\fP number, at \[la]http://127.0.0.1:PORT\[ra],
which can only be accessed by web browsers running on the local machine.
If no \fIPORT\fP number is specified, then its value is assumed to be 54321.
.PP
The search engine's URL is printed to stdout, for the user's reference,
which can be used to launch a web browser along with the search engine:
.PP
.RS
.nf
dasht\-server | xargs \-n1 w3m
.fi
.RE
.SS Browser refuses to load \fB\fCfile://\fR links
.PP
Some browsers refuse to load \fB\fCfile://\fR links from \fB\fChttp://127.0.0.1\fR URLs.
However, the following browsers do not suffer from this limitation and are
thereby recommended for use with the search engine provided by this script.
.PP
Recommended terminal web browsers:
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
w3m \[la]http://w3m.sourceforge.net\[ra]
.IP \(bu 2
elinks \[la]http://elinks.or.cz\[ra]
.IP \(bu 2
lynx \[la]http://lynx.invisible-island.net\[ra]
.RE
.PP
Recommended graphical web browsers:
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
Dillo \[la]http://www.dillo.org\[ra]
.IP \(bu 2
NetSurf \[la]http://www.netsurf-browser.org\[ra]
.IP \(bu 2
Chrome \[la]https://www.google.com/chrome/\[ra] using the LocalLinks extension \[la]https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/locallinks/jllpkdkcdjndhggodimiphkghogcpida\[ra]
.IP \(bu 2
Firefox \[la]http://www.mozilla.org/firefox\[ra] using the following workaround
.RE
.SS Firefox
.PP
The workaround for Firefox is to add this snippet to your \fB\fCprefs.js\fR file:
.PP
.RS
.nf
user_pref("capability.policy.policynames", "localfilelinks");
user_pref("capability.policy.localfilelinks.sites", "http://127.0.0.1:54321");
user_pref("capability.policy.localfilelinks.checkloaduri.enabled", "allAccess");
.fi
.RE
.PP
See \[la]http://kb.mozillazine.org/Links_to_local_pages_do_not_work\[ra] for details.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
\fB\fCDASHT_DOCSETS_DIR\fR
Defines the filesystem location where your Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra] docsets are installed.
If undefined, its value is assumed to be \fB\fC$XDG_DATA_HOME/dasht/docsets/\fR
or, if \fB\fCXDG_DATA_HOME\fR is undefined, \fB\fC$HOME/.local/share/dasht/docsets/\fR\&.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.BR socat (1), 
.BR dasht-server-http (1), 
.BR dasht-docsets (1), 
.BR dasht (1), 
Dash \[la]https://kapeli.com/dash\[ra]
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Written in 2016 by Suraj N. Kurapati \[la]https://github.com/sunaku/dasht\[ra]
Distributed under the terms of the ISC license (see the LICENSE file).
